hey guys it's Annie and despite the fact
that i did my hair i actually took the
time to do my makeup and I got dressed
this morning I am getting sick just in
time for the holidays yay and I was
originally all like yeah it's gonna be
december i can make so many christmas
themed videos it's gonna be so much fun
but you know last year I did this series
called the twelve days of Christmas and
I was really proud of it I posted 12
videos the 12 days before Christmas
leading up to Christmas and that just
took so much time and I wasn't really
able to experience the holidays cuz I
was focused on the video making so this
year I just kind of want to actually
enjoy the holidays with my family i'll
throw in some videos here and there but
if you want to stay in the Christmas
spirit and have some Annie Christmas
time you can check out the 12 is
Christmas series I did last year I did
some DIY videos today I'm going to show
you how to make your very own ugly
christmas sweater I want a tree design
on my sweater so I'm taking tinsel and
gluing at one section at a time until I
form a tree shade think i'm going to
show you how to transfer a picture onto
wood which makes for very easy and very
thoughtful present for the holidays this
year i get a cover santa baby 54
converter
light blue I'll wait up for you dear
santa baby so hurry down the chimney
tonight I did some cooking today I'm
gonna show you how to make my famous
peanut brittle recipe it is hands down
the best you will ever taste and you
will love it and then just a bunch of
other randomness
so if you want to stay in the holiday
spirit with me Oh check out Annie's
videos from last year because apparently
a me a year ago was a lot better than
any now my birthday is coming up and I'm
gonna be 25 on my gosh that's depressing
quarter life crisis so yeah i will
definitely try to get you some holiday
themed videos this year but i'm not
gonna go crazy like last year i still
like me to force myself to be in a
Christmas spirit I even tried to
decorate my room a bit but I have just
been a bit of a Grinch so far so any
recommendations of how I or anyone else
watching this video can stay in the
Christmas spirit let me know below my
tips would be to go do things in your
community you can check online and see
all the Christmassy events that are
going on in your towel like I know I
looked and there's ice skating they have
at Universal Studios because I live in
LA they have grinchmas they have parades
they have a bunch of stuff but I
actually have to go do them in order for
that to be effective I also definitely
want to do another Christmas cover this
year so any song requests please leave
for me because I'm still trying to
choose a song also any holiday themed
video requests feel free to leave down
there as well please give this video a
thumbs up when you press the like button
below it really helps with my video so I
would appreciate that a lot and I will
see you very soon with a new video all
right bye guys
since baby you slip a sable under the
tree for me I've been enough girl santa
baby so hurry down the chimney tonight